# Python Utility

This repository contains a collection of interactive Python utility scripts implemented using Streamlit. These scripts offer various functionalities for tasks such as Docker Terminal, AWS_EC2_Gestures, Sentiment Analysis, CHIPITI, Automated ML, Use Goggles, Face Blur, Face Distance, Text to Speech, Python Interpreter, SMS Sender, Email Sender, Linux Terminal.

## Table of Contents

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Scripts](#scripts)
    - [Docker Terminal](#docker-terminal)
    - [AWS-EC2-launch-with-Gestures]()
    - [Sentiment Analysis](#sentiment-analysis)
    - [CHIPITI](#chipiti)
    - [Linear Regression](#linear-regression)
    - [Computer Vision](#computer-vision)
    - [Text to Speech](#text-to-speech)
    - [Python-Interpreter](#python-interpreter)
    - [SMS Sender](#sms-sender)
    - [Email Sender](#email-sender)
    - [Linux Terminal](#linux-terminal)
    

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.7+
- Required Python packages (mentioned in each script)

## Usage

1. Clone this repository using `git clone https://github.com/Malhar-06/AI-ML-CV-DevOps-AWS-integration.git`.
2. Navigate to the repository directory using `cd AI-ML-CV-DevOps-AWS-integration`.
3. Install the required packages using `pip install -r requirements.txt`.
4. Run the Streamlit app using `streamlit run final_app.py`.
5. Interact with different utility scripts using the sidebar options.

## Scripts

### Docker Terminal

Allows you to interact with Docker commands using a web interface.

- List Docker images and containers.
- Pull Docker images from repositories.
- Execute custom Docker commands.

### AWS-EC2-launch-with-Gestures
- Manage EC2 instances using hand gestures.
- index finger launches instance 
- thumb terminates instance
- app launches multiple instance umder fixed tag

### Sentiment Analysis

Analyze sentiment of provided text using the `transformers` library.

- Input text to be analyzed.
- Get sentiment label and confidence score.

### CHIPITI

Interact with OpenAI's GPT-3 to answer technology-related questions.

- Input questions or topics to learn about technologies.
- Focus areas: DevOps, Cloud, Python, Django
- Get answers generated by the GPT-3 model.
- Text-to-speech conversion for responses.

### Linear Regression

Build a linear regression model with customizable parameters.

- Specify input features and target variable.
- Get the Model Coefficient
- You can predict the new value of a independent variable using model coefficient.

### Computer Vision

Offers various computer vision functionalities.

- Apply virtual sunglasses on your face using OpenCV.
- Blur faces in real-time video using OpenCV.
- Measure distance to detected face using webcam.

### Text to Speech

- Enter text and hear the assistant speaking that text.

### Python Interpreter

- Run python code on the website

### SMS Sender

- Enter phone number and message 
- send it without using your own phone number

### Email Sender

- Enter your and Recipient/s email address 
- Enter email and send it from the platform

### Linux Terminal

Simulates a Linux terminal where you can execute Linux commands.

- Choose from common Linux commands.
- Execute custom Linux commands.
- View command output on the web interface.

---

Feel free to explore and use these interactive utility scripts for various tasks!
